Readme.md, before:

# Introduction

We want to read in EURO-CORDEX Data and write out input files for SWAT


# Important directories

EURO-CORDEX data:

`/silod4/dneumann/phoswam/euro-cordex`

code:

`/media/neumannd/work_dell/89_PhosWAM/61_SWAT_Data/10_phoswam_swat_data_processing`

example input files:

`/media/neumannd/work_dell/89_PhosWAM/61_SWAT_Data/01_SWAT_input/example_input_data_andreas/`

scripts for EURO-CORDEX data download:

`/media/neumannd/work_dell/89_PhosWAM/61_SWAT_Data/01_SWAT_input/EURO_CORDEX`


# EURO-CORDEX

Data were obtained from:

https://esgf-data.dkrz.de/search/cordex-dkrz/

We use these runs:

 * institution: CLMcom and SMHI
 * experiments: historical, rcp2.6, and rcp8.5
 * domain: EUR-11
 * project: CORDEX
 * ensemble: r12i1p1 (mainly)
 * time frequency: day
 * variables: hurs, sfcWind, rsds, pr, tasmax, tasmin (see below for details)

Variables:

 * hurs: near-surface relative humidity
 * sfcWind: surface wind speed
 * rsds: surface downwelling shortwave radiation (like measured solar radiation)
 * pr: precipitation
 * tasmax: daily maximum temperature
 * tasmin: daily minimum temperature

Furthermore, `hurs` was missing for rcp8.5 and historical CCLM simulations. Therefore, I will calculate `hurs` from temperature, pressure, and specific humidity.

See here for conversion: https://esgf-data.dkrz.de/search/cordex-dkrz/


# SWAT

## What SWAT needs

TODO


## File definitions

TODO


## Stations

TODO

Commit message:

added acknowledgements to the Readme

Readme.md, after:

# Introduction

We want to read in EURO-CORDEX Data and write out input files for SWAT.


# Acknowledgements

This package was created within the project PhosWaM. PhosWaM is funded within the ReWaM funding initiative by the German Federal Ministry for Education and Research (BMBF) under project number FKZ 033W042A.


# Important directories

EURO-CORDEX data:

`/silod4/dneumann/phoswam/euro-cordex`

code:

`/media/neumannd/work_dell/89_PhosWAM/61_SWAT_Data/10_phoswam_swat_data_processing`

example input files:

`/media/neumannd/work_dell/89_PhosWAM/61_SWAT_Data/01_SWAT_input/example_input_data_andreas/`

scripts for EURO-CORDEX data download:

`/media/neumannd/work_dell/89_PhosWAM/61_SWAT_Data/01_SWAT_input/EURO_CORDEX`


# EURO-CORDEX

Data were obtained from:

https://esgf-data.dkrz.de/search/cordex-dkrz/

We use these runs:

 * institution: CLMcom and SMHI
 * experiments: historical, rcp2.6, and rcp8.5
 * domain: EUR-11
 * project: CORDEX
 * ensemble: r12i1p1 (mainly)
 * time frequency: day
 * variables: hurs, sfcWind, rsds, pr, tasmax, tasmin (see below for details)

Variables:

 * hurs: near-surface relative humidity
 * sfcWind: surface wind speed
 * rsds: surface downwelling shortwave radiation (like measured solar radiation)
 * pr: precipitation
 * tasmax: daily maximum temperature
 * tasmin: daily minimum temperature

Furthermore, `hurs` was missing for rcp8.5 and historical CCLM simulations. Therefore, I will calculate `hurs` from temperature, pressure, and specific humidity.

See here for conversion: https://esgf-data.dkrz.de/search/cordex-dkrz/


# SWAT

## What SWAT needs

TODO


## File definitions

TODO


## Stations

TODO
